Allow configuration of ExtraPropagateHeaders in query frontend (#12174)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

* [ENHANCEMENT] Query-frontend: Added labels query optimizer that automatically removes redundant `__name__!=""` matchers from label names and label values queries, improving query performance. You can enable the optimizer per-tenant with the `labels_query_optimizer_enabled` runtime configuration flag. #12054 #12066 #12076 #12080
* [ENHANCEMENT] Query-frontend: Standardise non-regex patterns in query blocking upon loading of config. #12102
* [ENHANCEMENT] Ruler: Propagate GCS object mutation rate limit for rule group uploads. #12086

> * [ENHANCEMENT] Query-frontend: Allow users to use `query-frontend.extra-propagate-headers` flag to configure the extra headers to be allowed to pass through. #12174

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ENHANCEMENT] Query-frontend: Allow users to set the `query-frontend.extra-propagated-headers` flag to specify the extra headers allowed to pass through to the rest of the query path. #12174
```
